hello today I am reminiscing about my
prom prom prom was a stressful event to
prepare and endure there was the formal
attire to find the stress over travel
arrangements ah the friendship group
problems and then there was the hair
hair my prom coincided with my first
experience of severe noticeable
trichotillomania in the weeks leading up
to my prom my year group and I were
taking our GCSEs and during that period
I lost half my hair it was a new
experience that happened so fast and my
family and I was so unprepared it just
caught us off guard so I ended up going
to prom with the hair I had there were
no fancy haircuts or wigs just that on
the morning of my prom my mum took me to
a hair salon to have my hair styled I
wanted to have a different hair style
from the Becky o dead-straight signature
hair ringlets was my dream anyway I
wasn't nervous going to the
hairdresser's at that point hairdressers
didn't scare me as much as they do now
but yeah my mum and I soon felt
uncomfortable and upset the
hairdresser's didn't know how to deal
with me how can we color err if she's
got off a bit missing they did save up I
remember feeling guilty that I was
making their job difficult and I had put
them in this awkward situation I know
that as a hairdresser you need the hair
to do the hair but I require but at the
same time please don't make me feel bad
because this wasn't planned
I didn't plan to lose my hair those
types of feelings were going on inside
my head the result was they changed my
parting to the middle and they try to
curl and hide the baldness where they
could afterwards I felt good about
myself I felt happy and pretty but the
happiness and the hair didn't last
within one hour it had flattened and
look like an absolute mess I guess it
was due to gravity the lack of hair in
the first place and the fact that I just
couldn't stop touching it and tearing it
out so naturally I started getting very
upset and my self-confidence plummeted
with my curls but it's already flat and
it's not I'm not even at from yeah our
neighbour came to the rescue and
restyled my hair and did my makeup it
involves a lot of hairspray back rooming
and I don't know what happened but
something happened she was like a fairy
godmother the result wasn't quite what I
wanted and I
didn't look anything like I dreamed I
was we had problems with my dress as
well because I'd lost a stone in weight
with stress as well so the dress didn't
fit but I think we did rather well with
what we had at the time and for that I
was grateful anyway
the prom I didn't enjoy prom for a
variety of reasons I wasn't popular the
social phobia anxiety I didn't like the
music the prom experience felt like an
exhibition of beauty and popularity the
hair Fiasco just made everything ten
times worse it was hard to be surrounded
by a hundred and fifty girls who all
resembled Disney Princesses just seeing
their hair on a regular basis makes me
jealous let alone seeing them all in
lovely styles why didn't you wear a wig
wix1 an option for me at sixteen I
hadn't experienced such severe hair loss
that I needed wigs or even considered
wigs as for other accessories I just
didn't think I was thinking quite
traditionally the long lovely hair but
also I wasn't as confident then as I am
now I would embrace the baldness back
then I was only just starting to
experience it and I guess the reaction
was to try and hide it hindsight's is a
wonderful thing
I just wish back then I've been less
serious that I had enjoyed myself more
despite the hair and my social problems
prom is just one party for me it was an
exaggerated school disco but that's easy
for me to say now back then it was a
serious event I am still proud of myself
for going despite the problems and
upsets well done passed Rebecca if you
have prom this week or next week and
you're getting stressed I understand and
I know how you feel and for that I'm
sending you hugs big hug try and enjoy
yourself because it only happens once so
yeah this was my Babylon prom so I shall
see you soon so I was worrying about
what the makeup artist would say and no
she didn't notice because it was the
makeup she was worried about
I took closer photos Elia where I looked
more like Twiggy off the vanity
hello this has been a bit rushed in the
sense that it's a bit late because I've
not been very well but also because as
I'm vlogging I'm losing my voice I could
mine like The Little Mermaid if I needed
to oh my gosh it's gone now